---
layout: post
title:  "Absence"
categories: [meta]
tags: [site, content]
---

Well, it's been a while. This little site has been badly neglected and it feels like it’s time to start giving it some much needed love. There are some moving parts happening in the background and I need to have a site that represents the work I’ve been focusing on in the ttrpg realm. To do that, I’m writing this post.

Let’s start this whole effort up again with a couple of quick updates:

 - The Shows section is finally going to get an update. It’s in desperate need to be more representative of the current shows I’m involved in. There are also new ones coming down the pipe, so I need to get on top of the process of updates before even more things get scheduled.
 - A couple of new projects are going to be added to the project section. Most notably, the #HZD31Days project that I just got done with. Some other things related to my current work with Cypher System Rules and The Seekers show over on unMadeGaming’s channel should be showing up there as well.
 - I’m working towards a patreon and I’m currently looking at what makes sense to put behind a patreon support wall vs what gets published here. I think it’s a struggle which every patreon page goes through and I don’t expect anything I do to be all that much different. I’ll be reaching out to some folks who are doing that successfully with an eye on making it clear what belongs where.


Well that’s it. It’s a short post, but I wanted to get an update here to let you know that this site is far from dead. It’s just been a little sleepy and now I’m waking it up.
